   #[1]Pinterest [2]publisher [3]alternate [4]alternate [5]alternate
   [6]alternate [7]alternate [8]alternate [9]alternate [10]alternate
   [11]alternate [12]alternate [13]alternate [14]alternate [15]alternate
   [16]alternate [17]alternate [18]alternate [19]alternate [20]alternate
   [21]alternate [22]alternate [23]alternate [24]alternate [25]alternate
   [26]alternate [27]alternate [28]alternate [29]alternate [30]alternate
   [31]alternate [32]alternate

   (BUTTON) Skip to content
   (BUTTON) Log in (BUTTON) Sign up
   Pinterest • The world’s catalog of ideas
     * ____________________

   Explore these ideas and more!
     * ...

Wood Tiles
     * ...

Tile
     * ...

Dark Wood
     * ...

Woods
     * ...

Grout
     * ...

Master Bathrooms
     * ...

Floors
     * ...

Dark
     * ...

Bathroom
     * ...

Vanities
     * ...

Subway Tiles
     * ...

Wood Tile Floors
     * ...

Finals
     * ...

Stains
     * ...

Grey
     * ...

Porcelain
     * ...

Porcelain Tiles
     * ...

White Subway Tiles
     * ...

Home Depot
     * ...

Showers

   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   (BUTTON) Expand Pin [33]Learn more at creativehomebody.com
   creativehomebody.com
   Final Master Bathroom Pics - dark wood tile, white subway w/ grey
   grout, new stain on vanity - creativehomebody.com

   Final Master Bathroom Pics - dark wood tile, white subway w/ grey
   grout, new stain on vanity - creativehomebody.com (BUTTON) More

Dark Wood Floors Bathroom, Wood Floors In Bathroom, Wood Tile Floor, Subway
Tile Bathroom, Bathroom Ideas, Wood Look Tile, Master Bathroom

I LOVE the wall tile treatment/paint. Paired with ceramic "wood" floor tiles
would be lovely. Final Master Bathroom Pics - dark wood tile, white subway w/
grey grout, new stain on vanity - creativehomebody.com

Final Master Bathroom Pics - dark wood tile, white subway w/ grey grout, dark
new stain on vanity. Also like how the shower tikes are a swirled grey and
white

Final Master Bathroom Pics - dark wood tile Montagna Saddle 6 in. x 24 in
Glazed Porcelain from Home Depot- creativehomebody.com

Kids' Bath Reno. Wood look tile, grey accents and white subway tile with soft
grey grout. Nice.

walnut white subway tile bathroom - Google Search

Final Master Bathroom Pics | wood tile floor

Wood floors in bathroom #faucetsnfixtures

dark wood floor bathroom - Google Search

Dark floors

   Bathroom Oasis
   Izzy Pavlenko | Interior Design
   Bathroom Oasis
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [34]Learn more at creativehomebody.com
   [35]

Photo of a 1912 claw foot. Refinished by Unique Touch Reglazing. Bathroom
Inspired by the vision of Tracy!

   Home Depot - MARAZZI Montagna Saddle 6 in. x 24 in Glazed Porcelain
   Floor and Wall Tile (14.53 sq. ft. / case)

   Home Depot - MARAZZI Montagna Saddle 6 in. x 24 in Glazed Porcelain
   Floor and Wall Tile (14.53 sq. ft. / case) (BUTTON) More

Black Window, Dark Wood Floor, White Subway Tile, Master Bathroom, Wood Tile

White and black with dark wood floors ••• wood tile floor, white subway tile
with dark grout, black window trim - basement bath

Wood tile floor and white subway tiles in the bathroom. A possible option for
tile in the master bathroom?

wood tile floor, white subway tile with dark grout, black window trim - but
hard wood door for bathroom??

Note direction of floor vs. Walls. wood tile floor, white subway tile with
dark grout, black window trim - basement bath

wood tile floor, white subway tile with dark grout, black window trim -
further elongated space once shower/tub shrinks it

wood tile floor, white subway tile with dark grout, black window trim - Have
everything in my current bath but need this floor!

White subway tile glass shower/dark wood tile floors

Dark floors and white subway tiles with dark grout.

woodtile

   [36]179 Repins [37]15 Likes
   Home: Hall Bath Floor Tile
   Mrs H
   Home: Hall Bath Floor Tile
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [38]Learn more at frenchcountrycottage.net
   frenchcountrycottage.net
   Faux wood tiles, planked walls, marble tile in shower via FRENCH
   COUNTRY COTTAGE: 5 favorite tile options for bathrooms

   Faux wood tiles, planked walls, marble tile in shower via FRENCH
   COUNTRY COTTAGE: 5 favorite tile options for bathrooms (BUTTON) More

French Bathroom, Bathroom Wall Color, White Bathroom, Cottage Style Home,
Tile Bathroom, Bathroom Layout, Country Cottage, French Country Bathroom

Faux wood tiles, planked walls, marble tile in shower via FRENCH COUNTRY
COTTAGE: 5 favorite tile options for bathrooms. bathroom. home decor and
interior decorating ideas

Faux wood tiles from Arizona Tile, planked walls, marble tile in shower via
FRENCH COUNTRY COTTAGE: 5 favorite tile options for bathrooms

Faux wood tiles, planked walls, marble tile in shower via FRENCH COUNTRY
COTTAGE: 5 favorite tile options for bathrooms Love the wood floor that is
actually tile(not laminate/vinyl)

LOVE THIS!!!Faux wood tiles, planked walls, marble tile in shower via FRENCH
COUNTRY COTTAGE:

FRENCH COUNTRY COTTAGE: 5 favorite tile options for bathrooms

French country cottage, bathroom style

Wood Tile Bathroom

Bathroom layout

White bathroom

   [39]75 Repins [40]4 Likes
   Rooms
   Teresa Frisina
   Rooms
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [41]Learn more at voguehome.info
   [42]

Free standing tub, wood tile floor, huge double shower | master bathroom

   Free standing tub, wood tile floor, huge double shower | master
   bathroom

   Free standing tub, wood tile floor, huge double shower | master
   bathroom (BUTTON) More

Bath Idea, Wall Color, Wood Tile Floor, Bathroom Idea, Half Wall, Dream
Bathroom, Master Bathroom

Free standing tub, wood tile floor, huge double shower | master bathroom -
like the detail on the half wall

Paint color, vanity color and wood tile floor | master bathroom by sandyadler
@Jess Pearl Pearl Liu Fiordimondo - like the colors and layout, but could be
smaller.

Bathroom Idea - Free standing tub, wood tile floor, huge double shower |
master bathroom. I Love this bathroom!!!

DREAM BATHROOM! Free standing tub, wood tile floor, huge double shower |
master bathroom by sandyadler

Free standing tub, wood tile floor, huge double shower | master bathroom by
sandyadler I love this large glass shower enclosure.

Absolutely in love with this Master Bathroom. Free standing tub, dark wood
tile floor, huge shower, neutral wall color, etc.

Free standing tub, wood tile floor, huge double shower | master bathroom - My
dream bathroom.

Free standing tub, wood tile floor, huge double shower | downstairs bath
ideas

I like the wood tile floor, huge double glass shower | master bathroom

   [43]2 Repins
   My dreams for my house
   Joey Robles
   My dreams for my house
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [44]Learn more at theuniquenest.com
   [45]

Monochromatic Gray Master Bath ~ "MINK" wall paint by SW ~
www.theuniquenest.com

   Sherwin Williams "Mink"...maybe in dining room above chair rail?
   www.theuniquenest.com

   Sherwin Williams "Mink"...maybe in dining room above chair rail?
   www.theuniquenest.com (BUTTON) More

Bathroom Design, Bathroom Color, Bathroom Wall Color, Chevron Pattern, Wood
Tile Floor, Grey Bathroom, Master Bathroom, Gray Bathroom

Monochromatic Master Bath ~ Sherwin William's "MINK" paint with faux wood
tile floor ~ www.theuniquenest.com..... I like the paint color on the wall
and cabinets. The tiles on the floor would work in the baths and possibly
entry.

Like the paint color- Sherwin William's "MINK" paint with faux wood tile
floor ~ www.theuniquenest.com

Bathroom color. Monochromatic Master Bath ~ Sherwin William's "MINK" paint
with faux wood tile floor ~ www.theuniquenest.com

Sherwin Williams "Mink"...maybe in dining room above chair rail?
www.theuniquenest.com Master bathroom color

Sherwin Williams "Mink"-- chevron pattern w the grey @bajaboyagd bathroom
color?

Sherwin Williams "Mink"-- chevron pattern w the grey. Bathroom idea. Floor.

Sherwin Williams "Mink"...love this bathroom design

Sherwin Williams "Mink"...Master Bathroom color

Sherwin Williams "Mink" Gray bathroom

   [46]4 Repins
   For the Home
   Rachel Decker
   For the Home
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [47]Learn more at architecturalceramics.com
   architecturalceramics.com
   Lux Wood | Wood-Look Porcelain Tile | Architectural Ceramics

   Lux Wood | Wood-Look Porcelain Tile | Architectural Ceramics (BUTTON)
   More

Porcelain Tile, Wood Tile Floor, Bathroom Idea, Wood Look Tile, Grey Wood
Floor, Master Bathroom, Bathroom Tile Floor

wood tile floor. perfect for the boys' bathroom. i'll never have a
light-colored bathroom floor again. the grout shows too much dirt. may as
well start with a dark grout to hide the dirt!

what do you think about wood tile floor in master bathroom? with marble
countertops? kinda cool?

Lux Wood | Wood-Look Porcelain Tile | Architectural Ceramics - like the wood
look tiles

Love this floor color! Lux Wood | Wood-Look Porcelain Tile | Architectural
Ceramics

Lux Wood | Wood-Look Porcelain Tile | Architectural Ceramics for master
bathroom

Beautiful gray Wood-Look Porcelain Tile possibly for master bathroom?

modern grey wood floors - Google Search

   [48]20 Repins
   Mudroom
   Cally Kutler
   Mudroom
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [49]Learn more at theaestate.tumblr.com
   [50]

white subway tile, black tub.
https://www.subwaytileoutlet.com/products/White-Ceramic-Subway-Tile.html#.VMv
6jEfF-1V

   white tile, black tub.

   white tile, black tub. (BUTTON) More

Tile Bathrooms, White Tile, Dream Bathrooms, Subwaytile, Subway Tile,
Bathroom White, White Bathrooms

The black clawfoot tub, white bricks, and gold faucets add just the right
amount of luxury to this bathroom. #westernliving #bathroom #white #gold

Bathroom - Subway Tiles - Claw Bathtubs - [Emily's Top Picks] - "I'll forever
love subway tiles and wood floors. The black tub is a great addition."
#Interior #Bathroom #Inspiration

bathroom: white tile with grey grout, wood floors, black and gold accents

Bathroom: white tile, black tub, white vanity and brass fixtures.

Black and white Bathroom. Subway tile, black tub, brass fixtures.

Clawfoot tub and subway tile walls. Love this little bathroom!

#bathroom #subwaytiles

white tile bathroom

Dream bathroom

   theaestate.tumblr.com [51]from theaestate.tumblr.com
   [52]56 Repins [53]6 Likes
   Home
   Brooke Hareford
   Home
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [54]Learn more at theultralinx.com
   theultralinx.com
   Large scale hex, shower and black tiled bathroom floor.
   UltraLinx
   from UltraLinx

Random Inspiration 178

   Large scale hex, shower and black tiled bathroom floor. (BUTTON) More

Black Bathroom Tile, Black Tile, Dark Bathroom, Tile Bathroom, Dark Wooden
Floor

Love this! Dark floor works with larger size tile. Love lined up subways and
dark wood stain. Large scale hex, shower and black tiled bathroom floor.

Large scale hex, shower and black tiled bathroom floor. (scheduled via
http://www.tailwindapp.com?utm_source=pinterest&utm_medium=twpin&utm_content=
post26032716&utm_campaign=scheduler_attribution)

Large scale hex, shower and black tiled bathroom floor. (scheduled via
http://www.tailwindapp.com?utm_source=pinterest

Large scale hex, shower and black tiled bathroom floor, trough sink, brass
hardware, glass shower

Large scale hex, shower and black tiled bathroom floor. great shower
enclosure.

Large scale hex, shower and black tiled bathroom floor. "Repinned by Keva
xo".

Large scale hex, shower and black tiled bathroom floor. WC Baño Bany Toilette

Awesome bath; standing shower, white subway tile, dark floor tile, wood

Shower Stall - Large scale hex, shower and black tiled bathroom floor.

   [55]113 Repins [56]20 Likes
   House
   Michelle Guelpa
   House
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [57]Learn more at houzz.com
   [58]

Porcelain Floor Tile. Designed by Detail Interiors.

   Master bathroom- like the modern yet warm feeling here. the combo of
   floor tile and shower tile is nice. like the big mirror too

   Master bathroom- like the modern yet warm feeling here. the combo of
   floor tile and shower tile is nice. like the big mirror too (BUTTON)
   More

Bath Idea, Bathroom Idea, House Idea, Half Wall, Tile Pattern, Master
Bathroom

Slate-look tile floor, 24x24, cut into 12x24 and placed in herringbone
pattern using contrast grout. Dark cabinets, light countertops

Interesting alcove ideas connecting to the floor pattern; floor tile pattern
is stealing the show though. The rest of the bathroom is ok.

Master bathroom- like the modern yet warm feeling here. the combo of floor
tile and shower tile is nice. like the big mirror too I like the
floors....but NOT the pattern

I like the half wall, glass doors, etc - even the floor tile pattern, but not
so dark overall..

Love this!! Definitely saving for the "new house ideas" book :-)

Master Bath idea narrow bathroom ideas - Google Search

like the half wall and the floor tile pattern

master bathroom idea

   [59]20 Repins [60]1 Like
   Bathroom
   pam
   Bathroom
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [61]Learn more at jenniferrizzo.com
   jenniferrizzo.com
   IT'S TILE! Our wood look ceramic tile is finally installed!

   IT'S TILE! Our wood look ceramic tile is finally installed! (BUTTON)
   More

Ceramic Wood Floor, Wood Floor Tile, Wood Tile Floor, Ceramic Tile Floor,
Fireguard, Ceramic Wood Tile, Ceramic Tile Wood Floor, Wood Look Tile Floor,
Wood Looking Ceramic Tile

amazing look but easy and more versatile in the kitchen or bathroom IT'S
TILE! Our wood look ceramic tile is finally installed!

IT'S TILE! Our wood look ceramic tile is finally installed! - basement with
radiant heat

IT'S TILE! Other Pinner Said... Our wood look ceramic tile is finally
installed!

IT'S TILE! Our wood look ceramic tile is finally installed! Tile from Home
Depot

IT&#39;S TILE! Our wood look ceramic tile is finally installed!

I want wood tile flooring with no grout lines for bathroom

IT'S TILE! Wood look ceramic tile for upstairs bathroom

Installing Wood Look Ceramic Tile

Ceramic wood tile.

   [62]10 Repins
   Home Sweet Home: Entry Ways
   Kathy Miltakis
   Home Sweet Home: Entry Ways
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [63]Learn more at domainehome.com
   domainehome.com
   White subway tiles in navy and white bathroom
   MyDomaine
   from MyDomaine

This Year’s San Francisco Decorator Showcase Is Stunning

   White subway tiles in navy and white bathroom (BUTTON) More

Black Bathroom, Bathroom Subway Tile, Black And White Bathroom, White Subway
Tile, Bathroom Tile, Master Bathroom

Contemporary bathroom features blue hand painted walls framing a walk-in
shower accented with white subway tiles with black grout alongside a black
basket weave shower floor. A black bathroom vanity with shelf is topped with
black marble next atop a black basket weave tiled floor.

White subway tiles in navy and white bathroom #subwaytiles #homeimprovement
#bathroomtiles #bathroom #tile #tiles #whitesubwaytiles #whitetile
#navywhitebathroom

White subway tiles...kind of like the 'door' idea instead of a classic glass
shower door

White subway tiles in navy and white bathroom. love the door for my master
bathroom

black framed shower door | White subway tiles in navy and white bathroom

White subway tiles with industrial window shower door upstairs kids bath

White subway tiles in navy and white bathroom - Love the shower doors

simple black and white bathroom

black and navy bathroom

   [64]5 Repins
   For the Home
   Nicole Pullen
   For the Home
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [65]Learn more at decorpad.com
   decorpad.com
   I love the grey subway tiles going all the way around the room and in
   the walk in shower, white walls, white suite and a grey vanity unit all
   blend in well together

   I love the grey subway tiles going all the way around the room and in
   the walk in shower, white walls, white suite and a grey vanity unit all
   blend in well together (BUTTON) More

Gray Tile, Gray Bathrooms, Bathroom Ideas, Gray Subway Tile, Subway Tiles,
Grey Bathroom, Master Bathroom

I want to recreate this look, too. Gray vanity, light fixtures, sinks,
wall-mount faucets, gray tile floor

Kishani Perera - bathrooms - water closet, gray bath, gray bathroom, gray
master bath, gray master bathroom, master bath, master bathroom, gray subway
tile, gray subway tile walls, gray subway tiled wall,

gray subway tile, gray double console, gray bathroom console, marble
countertop, gray washstand with white marble countertop, his and her sinks

(interesting bath layout)Perera - bathrooms - water closet,gray bathroom,
gray master bath bathroom, gray subway tiled wall, gray subway backsplash,
gray subway tile bathroom, gray subway tile bathroom, modern bathtub, slate
tile floor, slate tile bathroom floor, gray double vanity, gray double
washstand, gray cabinets, gray console, gray ...

Stunning gray bathroom with gray double vanity with bottom shelf used to
store towels paired with marble countertops and his and her sinks. Gray
bathroom cabinets with wall-mounted faucet kits and inset medicine cabinets
flanked by bronze swing-arm light bulb sconces. Master bathroom features gray
subway tiled walls framing modern freestanding tub with floor-mount tub
filler over staggered slate tile floor and water closet.

Grey Bathroom. via: project diaries: villa nottingham | Kishani Perera

bathroom idea - vanity, tile floor

gray vanity, floor tiles

Kishani Perera - bathrooms - water closet, gray bath, gray bathroom, gray
master bath, gray master bathroom, master bath, master bathroom, gray subway
tile, gray subway tile walls, gray subway tiled wall, gray subway backsplash,
gray subway tile bathroom, gray subway tile bathroom, freestanding tub,
modern freestanding tub, modern bathtub, slate tile, slate floor, slate tile
floor, slate tile bathroom floor, gray double vanity, gray double washstand,
gray cabinets, gray console, gray bathroom console, gray double console, gray
bathroom console, gray bathroom cabinets, marble countertops, gray vanity
with marble countertops, gray cabinets with marble countertops, gray vanity
with white marble countertops, gray cabinets with white marble countertops,
gray washstand with marble countertop, gray washstand with white marble
countertop, his and her sinks, inset medicine cabinets, medicine cabinets,
wall mount faucet, wall mounted faucet, bronze sconces, swing arm sconces,
bronze swing arm sconce,

   [66]126 Repins [67]8 Likes
   Bathrooms
   Erin Brennan
   Bathrooms
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [68]Learn more at mydomaine.com
   mydomaine.com
   Tiled bathroom with subway tiles in shower and herringbone pattern on
   floor, country-chic industrial furniture
   MyDomaine
   from MyDomaine

Step Inside a Layered Family Home With Character

   Tiled bathroom with subway tiles in shower and herringbone pattern on
   floor, country-chic industrial furniture (BUTTON) More

Herringbone Floor Tile, Herringbone Tile Floor, Tile Patterns, Subway Tile,
Herringbone Floors, Eclectic Bathroom

FLOOR / Tiled bathroom with subway tiles in shower and herringbone pattern on
floor, country-chic industrial furniture

#flooring tiles, patterns, concrete flooring, marble, quartz, granite, wooden
flooring, painted floor, inlay, spanish tiles, terracotta, bamboo, terrazzo,
mosaics

Herringbone floor + subway tile + gold fixtures + antique furniture +
clawfoot tub + bathroom

Tiled bathroom with subway tiles in shower and herringbone pattern on floor.

Herringbone floor tiles + black tub = gorgeous bathroom.

Herringbone floor tile, subway tile shower.

Herringbone tile floor | subway tile wall

Gorgeous eclectic bathroom - home tour.

Bathroom floor tiles (fishbone)

   [69]4 Repins
   Baths: Go Wash Up
   Yellow Roses Texas
   Baths: Go Wash Up
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [70]Learn more at curbly.com
   [71]

Would You Put Wood Floors in Your Bathrooms? » Curbly | DIY Design Community

   dark wood floors with subway tile. Like
   Curbly
   from Curbly

Would You Put Wood Floors in Your Bathrooms?

   dark wood floors with subway tile. Like (BUTTON) More

White Tile, Bathroom Color, Small Bathroom, Wall Color, Subway Tile, Bathroom
Idea

Small Bathroom remodel: love the dark wood flooring and and dark cabinets. It
works great with the white subway tiles in the shower.

Would You Put Wood Floors in Your Bathrooms? » Curbly | DIY Design Community
- Love the white tiles!

I like the dark wood tile floors and the white subway tiles. The wall colors
are nice too but thinking white vanities with dark tops.

I love how clean & elegant this small bathroom looks. The floors are great. I
love the idea of wood floor in the bathroom.

Dark cabinets and wood floor. Would You Put Wood Floors in Your Bathrooms? »
Curbly | DIY Design Community

Small Bathroom Remodel Pictures Before And After Love the floor tile & wall
color

wood floor bathroom ideas - Google Search

Bathroom paint color with dark cabinets

Perfect bathroom colors

   [72]6 Repins [73]2 Likes
   Master
   Ann Mead
   Master
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [74]Learn more at the-citizenry.com
   the-citizenry.com
   Estrato and La Niebla Floor Pillows
   The Citizenry
   from The Citizenry

La Niebla Floor Pillow

   Estrato and La Niebla Floor Pillows (BUTTON) More

Boho Pillows, Floor Pillows, Edit Bedroom, Bedroom Beautifuls, Throw Pillows,
Gorgeous Pillows

Estrato and La Niebla Floor Pillows - pillows for the beach house of your
dreams - Encinitas Beach House - Encinitas Coast Life. Own Your Story. Live
the Coast Life. http://www.encinitascoastlife.com

http://the-citizenry.com/blogs/all/72783557-style-edit-bedroom-refresh

Pretty rug, pillow, and wooden door - love these textures and colors

Estrato and La Niebla Floor Pillows I like the door (:

STYLE EDIT // BEDROOM REFRESH – The Citizenry

Inspo: rug x textured floor pillows.

boho pillows and persian rug

gorgeous pillows

Throw pillows

   [75]1552 Repins [76]357 Likes [77]1 Comment
   A Place to Call Home
   Sarah Skowronek
   A Place to Call Home
   (BUTTON) Save
   (BUTTON) Like
   [78]Learn more at houzz.com
   [79]

Pacific Heights transitional #bathroom
http://www.houzz.co.uk/photos/15926350/pacific-heights-transitional-bathroom-
san-francisco

   Efficient but stylish shower - Verner Architects, San Francisco

   Efficient but stylish shower - Verner Architects, San Francisco
   (BUTTON) More

Steam Shower, House Bathroom, Shower Tile, Gray Subway Tile, Bathroom Reno

Steam shower size wit teak or tile bench -rain shower and standard shower
head coming from side wall (not directly across from shower door)

The shower! Teak wood bench, gray subway tile

Master bath: half wall glass shower

Steam shower with wooden bench seat

Teak wood bench and shower tile

Small shower with rain head.

Gray subway tile wood bench

Gray Subway Tile

   [80]28 Repins
   New House
   Julia Briggs
   New House
   Oh no! Pinterest doesn't work unless you [81]turn on JavaScript.

References

   Visible links
   1. https://www.pinterest.com/opensearch.xml
   2. https://plus.google.com/+pinterest
   3. https://gr.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
   4. https://in.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
   5. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
   6. https://it.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
   7. https://cz.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
   8. https://id.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
   9. https://es.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  10. https://uk.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  11. https://ru.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  12. https://nl.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  13. https://br.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  14. https://no.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  15. https://tr.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  16. https://au.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  17. https://pl.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  18. https://fr.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  19. https://ro.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  20. https://de.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  21. https://hu.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  22. https://nz.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  23. https://fi.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  24. https://dk.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  25. https://jp.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  26. https://pt.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  27. https://kr.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  28. https://se.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  29. https://sk.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  30. https://za.pinterest.com/pin/375346950174255172/
  31. ios-app://429047995/pinterest/pin/375346950174255172
  32. android-app://com.pinterest/pinterest/pin/375346950174255172
  33. http://creativehomebody.com/final-master-bathroom-pics/
  34. http://creativehomebody.com/final-master-bathroom-pics/
  35. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/434245589040877020/
  36. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/77616793552874071/repins/
  37. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/77616793552874071/likes/
  38. http://www.frenchcountrycottage.net/2015/05/5-favorite-tile-options-for-bathrooms.html?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed:+blogspot/QoLtm+(FRENCH+COUNTRY+COTTAGE)
  39. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/47147127326961016/repins/
  40. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/47147127326961016/likes/
  41. http://voguehome.info/?p=6499
  42. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/184929128422649367/
  43. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/492722015456660024/repins/
  44. http://www.theuniquenest.com/2014/08/master-bath-wall-art-tour.html
  45. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/56787645278087139/
  46. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/234890936792162216/repins/
  47. http://www.architecturalceramics.com/products/lux-wood
  48. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/245868460883200254/repins/
  49. http://theaestate.tumblr.com/
  50. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/507217976760429315/
  51. https://www.pinterest.com/source/theaestate.tumblr.com/
  52. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/230739180884987396/repins/
  53. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/230739180884987396/likes/
  54. http://theultralinx.com/2015/03/random-inspiration-178/
  55. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/508343876668723868/repins/
  56. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/508343876668723868/likes/
  57. http://www.houzz.com/photos/82754/Long-and-Narrow-guest-bath-eclectic-bathroom-other-metros
  58. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/178244097722060684/
  59. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/409335053607307918/repins/
  60. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/409335053607307918/likes/
  61. http://www.jenniferrizzo.com/2014/08/wood-look-ceramic-tile-finally-installed.html?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed:+JenniferRizzo+(Jennifer+Rizzo)
  62. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/186336503308912200/repins/
  63. http://www.domainehome.com/san-francisco-decorator-showcase-2015/
  64. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/36591815699529130/repins/
  65. http://www.decorpad.com/photo.htm?photoId=104106
  66. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/553309504196703803/repins/
  67. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/553309504196703803/likes/
  68. http://www.mydomaine.com/vintage-eclectic-home-design/
  69. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/114419646760168423/repins/
  70. http://www.curbly.com/users/diy-maven/posts/15536-would-you-put-wood-floors-in-your-bathrooms
  71. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/115897390384453278/
  72. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/208502657723579114/repins/
  73. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/208502657723579114/likes/
  74. http://the-citizenry.com/collections/pillows/products/la-niebla-floor-pillow?pp=1#.VttocZMrLUo?utm_medium=Pinterest&utm_source=Pinterest&utm_campaign=2016_Pinterest_Pillows&utm_content=Pin_LaNiebla
  75. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/7951736821071746/repins/
  76. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/7951736821071746/likes/
  77. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/7951736821071746/
  78. http://www.houzz.com/photos/15926350/Pacific-Heights-transitional-bathroom-san-francisco
  79. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/550424385682719400/
  80. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/4292562121365291/repins/
  81. http://enable-javascript.com/

   Hidden links:
  83. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/wood-tiles/
  84. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/tile/
  85. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/dark-wood/
  86. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/woods/
  87. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/grout/
  88. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/master-bathrooms/
  89. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/floors/
  90. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/dark/
  91. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/bathroom/
  92. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/vanities/
  93. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/subway-tiles/
  94. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/wood-tile-floors/
  95. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/finals/
  96. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/stains/
  97. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/grey/
  98. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/porcelain/
  99. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/porcelain-tiles/
 100. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/white-subway-tiles/
 101. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/home-depot/
 102. https://www.pinterest.com/explore/showers/
 103. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/151011393728204401/
 104. https://www.pinterest.com/blindsnorthwest/bathroom-oasis/
 105. https://www.pinterest.com/piscesgirl/home-hall-bath-floor-tile/
 106. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/243053711116619709/
 107. https://www.pinterest.com/teress/rooms/
 108. https://www.pinterest.com/chewy77/my-dreams-for-my-house/
 109. https://www.pinterest.com/rosyr00/for-the-home/
 110. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/445434219374387243/
 111. https://www.pinterest.com/kutlerc/mudroom/
 112. https://www.pinterest.com/brookanooka/home/
 113. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/502855114620275197/
 114. https://www.pinterest.com/mguelpa/house/
 115. https://www.pinterest.com/pjtretter/bathroom/
 116. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/255579347579823945/
 117. https://www.pinterest.com/takemeaway89x/home-sweet-home-entry-ways/
 118. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/320670435944306997/
 119. https://www.pinterest.com/nikkipullen/for-the-home/
 120. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/386676317984332974/
 121. https://www.pinterest.com/ebren13/bathrooms/
 122. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/113997434294473268/
 123. https://www.pinterest.com/seworiginal/baths-go-wash-up/
 124. https://www.pinterest.com/aml1417/master/
 125. https://www.pinterest.com/pin/385761524312580688/
 126. https://www.pinterest.com/sarah_helena124/a-place-to-call-home/
 127. https://www.pinterest.com/juliab18/new-house/
